
What is a microservice?

Microservices is a term with dual meanings, the first is a specialized software application that is mindfully reduced in scope and second is an architectual pattern in building software. Microservices have enjoyed a spike in popularity with engineers when it comes to designing applications. And although there are many compelling reasons that have made microservices a performant, reliable and proper architectual choice for our project we will also see some of the criticisims and downsides of the microservice architecture. 

Attributes of a microservice.
1) Cluster of small services.
2) Each small service runs on an independent process.
3) Communication between services are mainly HTTP.
4) Smart Endpoints & Dumb Pipes -- a design pattern used in Unix programs
5) Open choice of technologies (ie. C++, Rust, Python, PHP)

Critisims of the microservice pattern.
1) Additional Complexity - Fault tolerance, load balanceing, auto scalling, clustering, network latency
2) More Complicated Testing
3) Network communication is more expensive than in-process calls.

Different Architectual Types.

Event-Drivin -- An event can be a change of "state" that will trigger an event-emmitter and be channeled into event-channels.

Monolithic -- Self contained and independent from other applications

Client-Server -- A distributed system of routing tasks/work.

Peer-to-Peer -- A network based on nodes.

Service-Orientated

Microservice Platforms
AWS Lambda
Docker and Kubernetes
Spring Boot
Azure Functions

Microservice Triggers
1) Respond to HTTP requests
2) Consume events from a queue
3) Run on a schedule
4) A lifecycle event
5) Event Sourced Mapping

AWS Lambda Execution Context
When your lambda function has completed, AWS Lambda will create or maintain a temporary runtime environment that has resolved external dependecies. This is done to increase performance with 'cold start' latency. AWS will provide 512 MB of storage/disk space in the /tmp directory. This cache is available to you because your execution context is frozen.

Building a Custom runtime
Include an executable file named bootstrap. When your lambda environment is executed then bootstrap will be executed. It can initialize a script or call another file to initialize setup.