
ADD-PERMISSION()                                              ADD-PERMISSION()



NAME
       add-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  a permission to the resource policy associated with the specified
       AWS Lambda function. You use resource policies to grant permissions  to
       event sources that use push model. In a push model, event sources (such
       as Amazon S3 and custom applications) invoke your Lambda function. Each
       permission  you add to the resource policy allows an event source, per-
       mission to invoke the Lambda function.

       For information about the push model, see Lambda Functions .

       If you are using versioning, the permissions you add  are  specific  to
       the  Lambda  function version or alias you specify in the AddPermission
       request via the Qualifier parameter. For more  information  about  ver-
       sioning, see AWS Lambda Function Versioning and Aliases .

       This operation requires permission for the lambda:AddPermission action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-permission
          --function-name <value>
          --statement-id <value>
          --action <value>
          --principal <value>
          [--source-arn <value>]
          [--source-account <value>]
          [--event-source-token <value>]
          [--qualifier <value>]
          [--revision-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --function-name (string)
          Name of the Lambda function whose resource policy you  are  updating
          by adding a new permission.

                    You can specify a function name (for example, Thumbnail ) or you can
          specify Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of  the  function  (for  example,
          arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:account-id:function:ThumbNail ). AWS Lambda
          also   allows   you   to   specify   partial   ARN   (for   example,
          account-id:Thumbnail ). Note that the length constraint applies only
          to the ARN. If you specify only the function name, it is limited  to
          64 characters in length.

       --statement-id (string)
          A unique statement identifier.

       --action (string)
          The  AWS  Lambda  action  you  want to allow in this statement. Each
          Lambda action is a string starting with lambda: followed by the  API
          name  .  For  example,  lambda:CreateFunction . You can use wildcard
          (lambda:* ) to grant permission for all AWS Lambda actions.

       --principal (string)
          The principal who is getting this permission. It can  be  Amazon  S3
          service  Principal  (s3.amazonaws.com  )  if  you  want Amazon S3 to
          invoke  the  function,  an  AWS  account  ID  if  you  are  granting
          cross-account permission, or any valid AWS service principal such as
          sns.amazonaws.com . For example, you might want to  allow  a  custom
          application  in  another AWS account to push events to AWS Lambda by
          invoking your function.

       --source-arn (string)
          This is optional; however, when granting permission to  invoke  your
          function,  you  should  specify  this field with the Amazon Resource
          Name (ARN) as its value. This ensures  that  only  events  generated
          from the specified source can invoke the function.

          WARNING:
              If  you  add  a permission without providing the source ARN, any
              AWS account that creates a mapping to your function ARN can send
              events to invoke your Lambda function.


       --source-account (string)
          This parameter is used for S3 and SES. The AWS account ID (without a
          hyphen) of the source owner. For example, if the  SourceArn  identi-
          fies  a  bucket, then this is the bucket owner's account ID. You can
          use this additional condition to ensure the bucket  you  specify  is
          owned by a specific account (it is possible the bucket owner deleted
          the bucket and some other AWS account created the bucket).  You  can
          also  use  this condition to specify all sources (that is, you don't
          specify the SourceArn ) owned by a specific account.

       --event-source-token (string)
          A unique token that must be supplied by the principal  invoking  the
          function.  This  is  currently  only used for Alexa Smart Home func-
          tions.

       --qualifier (string)
          You can use this optional query parameter to  describe  a  qualified
          ARN  using  a function version or an alias name. The permission will
          then apply to the specific qualified ARN. For example, if you  spec-
          ify  function  version  2  as the qualifier, then permission applies
          only when request is made using qualified function ARN:
              arn:aws:lambda:aws-region:acct-id:function:function-name:2

          If you specify an alias name, for example PROD , then the permission
          is valid only for requests made using the alias ARN:
              arn:aws:lambda:aws-region:acct-id:function:function-name:PROD

          If the qualifier is not specified, the permission is valid only when
          requests is made using unqualified function ARN.
              arn:aws:lambda:aws-region:acct-id:function:function-name

       --revision-id (string)
          An optional value you can use to ensure you are updating the  latest
          update  of the function version or alias. If the RevisionID you pass
          doesn't match the latest RevisionId of the  function  or  alias,  it
          will fail with an error message, advising you to retrieve the latest
          function version or alias RevisionID using either or .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.


       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Statement -> (string)
          The  permission statement you specified in the request. The response
          returns the same as a string using a backslash  ("")  as  an  escape
          character in the JSON.